okay so the problem witht the AI system before is thaty it was very bulky, alot of lists, im wondering if i 
could just use intervals to move the enemies, but then the problem is no ai. research starts now
Alright, intervals arent that, they sequence events. they help to script actions
so it looks like that i will need to use lists and dictionaries again
ill make it complicated but with class and one dictionary 
One setup function
Ai start 
AI resume
and prob health
all added parameters, for excessive control,
also, ze click function will input the damage

okay s0o
enemy list hold the dioctionarieds right
then we reference the dictionary through ze list
looking like enemylist[dictname]
make the list a dict, 
enemydict['enemynode']['enemyname']

Clcik hit function, handles hits,
Constant update, chwck for enemy die, enemy ps, cause aidot update/aiworld, check for wave end, removing npcs


Plan of timeline
We need to add research objective
thatb dmeans we need plot
Lets see

we have first cut scene
then lets say 5 days of research time,
Goal is to prove to researchers so u can be funded right?
Then our time limits the fund
Add a bar on gui panel for the fund, lasting for 5 days

How about dialogue? We need transmission type animation right?
Look rq
Done! usage is textTypewriteAnimation((0,0), 'sigma')

alrifght wait before i forget this
we have 3 main tasks hbt.
One uodate function for frame by frame
one for checking plot progression, call it plotAdvancer
and one the progress plot. call it plotLine
2 asyncfutures for each event. First PA reports to PL, telling it that event has occured
then a second async reports back, telling it the event is done.
event list, [(lambda x: x=True, lambda: print('event1')), (lambda y: y=True, lambda: print('event2'))]
Example

for condition, event in eventlist:
    if condition:
        event()
        await event1done
return task.return

then here
PL:
await event1start
#whatever
event1Done.set_result
await event2start


welcome back
second part of the game will be like this
fade in 
spawn in blue ocean
transponder tells us what to do
3 types of enemies
mountain peak at bottom of ocean
radar to help indicate to player where to Go
meaning you need to add a distance calculator and add it to update

First of all design 3d models. small fish, big fish, massive fish
1 hit, 2 hit, 4 hit
hit animations like minecraft


Just thinking about third part
we can make it a maintain gameplay, on the back of a drill machine, cause why not
random hits, random fixing.
takes 3 minutes
keeps 3-d aspect, and keep in mind also can make it where the drill doesnt even move :)
clear windows, figure that out to make illusion of moving, and then one big event about electricity

lastly, pour time into last animation for boss fight
attacks are electrical shocks, and in thrid person stationary view
Drone fixed basically,
then final scene (rover stands over dead leviathon, fades to surface, and uses an energy blast to scram skedaddle), end game